Agile Method:
Release one short product at a time.
short term projects
keep customer happy with quick releases

many branches/frameworks of agile methodology
agile-scrum
agile-kanban
agile-XP

scrum team roles: PO, dev team, Scrum master
Scrum Artifact
Scrum meetings (learn meeting names and what happens during these meetings

US - User Story - As a <type of user> I want <functionality> so I can <business value>

purpose to guide teams and show them who is using the application, what they are doing with it and why they are using
it. short and simple requirment of software application
PO writes them and share with dev team

Independent among other stories
Negotiable (enhance and rewrite)
Valuable
Estimable
Small
Testable

diff developers own diff user stories and sometimes the stories act as a blocker so the dev cannot continue
testers will estimate how much time they need to test each user story
User story should be small enough to test and lock down in a max of 8 days or less.

AC-Acceptance Criteria

Example: User Story = "As a user, I need to reset my password, so I can change it for security purposes"

AC is 1. enter new password 2. re-enter new password to confirm 3. click submit..

clear cut condition to confirm when a user story is "done"
COndition to mark US as DONE


PB - Product Backlog - list of US that need to be completed. the PO is responsible fopr updating this and it is
constantly changing. Place that PO lists US that need to be completed soon. US stories are listed based on priority
level. PO decides that. Done in Jira.

???????????????????????? product backlog vs Sprint backlog? ????????????????????????

PI - Product Increment - completed US at the end of a sprint

example: planned to complete 10 user stories, only completed 9. 9 is the PI.

different companies have different release cycles. different amount of months. may be the same cycle, or may change
for each release depending on functionality.

Sprints - can be from 1-4 weeks of time at a time. 2 weeks is the most common.

scrum team selects a sprint cycle before starting a new project and it will not change bfore completing the sprint