PO writes User Stories

First meeting:
Grooming Meeting
    1)PO explains the user stories and Acceptance criteria to the dev team.
    2) PO and dev team estimate work effort needed for US

Attendees of grooming meeting: PO, Scrum Master, Dev team. Dev team asks questions and desired end state
                                is that all dev team understands the various US. Also estimate how much time
                                needed for completing User Stories

Estimate time needed based on knowledge, experience, technical skill, complexity level

1 Sprint = 1 week = 3 days for US
1 Sprint = 2 weeks = 8 days for US
1 Sprint = 4 weeks = 18 days for US
Etc

first and last days are for meetings. fibinachi sequence

US should be small enough to complete in 1 sprint.

time estimates are determined using hours, days or minutes. Or points. with 1 point = 1 hour, 2 hours, or any given
amount of time.

Most teams use "days" where 1 day is is 1 point. 2 points = 2 days 3 points = 3 days, etc.
Some teams have point estimation rubric, based on knowledge, experience, and complexity

all testers and devs agree on final points required to complete the US

PO combines SDET and DEV estimated completion time. only giving estimation based on fibinachi sequence. if devs need 5
and SDET needs 2 (combined to 7) then points moved from 7 to to 8 total to keep within fibbinachi sequence.

Sprint Planning Meeting:
1st day of sprint like grooming meeting

PO, Scrum Master, Dev team. takes 1-2 hours for a 2 week sprint.

Sprint backlog created (SB)

Team Capacity - communicate all days off to dt

Definition of Ready (DOR) - Did PO explain the US?
                            Does the US have at least one defined AC?
                            Is the US sized/estimated by the Dev team?
                            Is US small enough to be completed during this sprint?

Step 1: Creat Sprint Backlog
Step 2: Identify days off and team capacity
Step 3: PO moves US from PB into SB based on team capacity
Step 4: SM starts the sprint, writes the sprint goal
Step 5: US are assigned to dev team members or US are selected by team members themselves


