Dev Environment
QA/Test Environment
Staging/Pre-production Environment
Production Environment

1. What is software testing?
        A process to assure the quality of the software
        Measure a software's overall quality in it's correctness, completeness, performance and
        functional and non functional attributes.
        Identify bugs, reduce cost, and measure performance

        : Process to confirm quality,

2. What is to be tested in the SDLC process?
        Documents are tested in the early steps to prevent bugs
        Code
        Functional and non functional aspects of the application
        Functional/non functional/security

        - documents - Manual
        - code - automated
        - software itself (function/nonfunctional) - manual/automated combo


3. How is software testing done?

        Manually, automated, or both


4. Who performs testing?

        - Client, developers, testers, business team,
        - each step of SDLC requires testing and different people need to test the different objects (document,
          code, software)
        - business team members, designers, clients ->
          developers -> code
          SDETs and performance testers ->software itself
          Client/stakeholders and End Users ->software prior to release

        Manual      VS     Automated
        Slow                 Fast
        Unskilled            large data sets
        Cheaper             Skilled engineers
        no programming      automate test scripts
                         less human error
                         takes time to write
                         cost efficient in the long run

        benefits of testing - fast, reusable cost, reduction, improve security, customer satisfaction,
                              reliable, enhance performance, repeatable, better quality software, cost effective



5. Testing types in general during the SDLC?

    -Static
    -Dynamic

6. What is Static Testing?

    - Testing documents, checking them to prevent and avoid bugs
    - also called "Verifcation Process"
       get correct final doc
    - SDETs prepare testing documents sometimes

    review - informal meeting, find and eliminate errors or ambiguities in document
    walkthrough - document owner explains content to check errors and develop a common udnerstanding, gather feedback
    inspection - doc is finalized

    prevent and avoid bugs

7. How to perform static testing?

        - review, walkthrough, inspection

8. What is dynamic testing?

        - testing the software and code itself
        - validation process
        - manual and automated

        find and fix bugs

9. What are the four testing levels?
    - Unit testing - unit by unit, block by block, develoeprs in dev enrvironment
    - Integration testing - developers, in dev environment, testing how units work together, sometimes done by SDET
    - Systems Testing Function&Non-Functional - test system as a whole, find bugs, send back to devs, done in test
                                                environment, every functionality, other nonfunctional testing done
                                                by performance tester,
    - UAT (User Acceptance Testing) - Testers, client and end user. retest in staging environment. Alpha and Beta
                                      testing. Alpha done by testers, Beta done by client and end users. Alpha
                                      is done in staging environment by technical people. Automated.

Deploying or releasing the application occurs when final draft is transferred to production environment
