Soft Skills

2 SOFTWARE TYPES

System Software - operating systems -> Operating Systems

Application Software - Web, Mobile, Desktop App, hybrid App
    1) Web based Application - Cydeo, Youtube, Google, etc
    2) Mobile App -  Music, Calculator
    3) Desktop Application - Desktop Software
    4) Hybrid/Cross Platform

---------------------------------------------------------

Hybrid/Cross Platform application can work on multiple platforms between desktop/mobile

API is an Application Program Interface (Web server)

API is like a waiter that takes an order from the UI and goes and gets it from from the kitchen (the database).

3 software layers 1-UI -> 2- API -> 3-DB (Database)

Full Stack Developer develops both front and backend
Frontend Developer
Backend Developer

Same for testers
Frontend and Backend testers
Full Stack Testers

------------------------------

In a team 4 Devs and 2 SDETs

1 Front End Dev
1 Back End Dev
2 Full Stack Devs
2 Full Stack SDETS

URL - Uniform Resource Locator

Web Title - Title of website in browser tab
Module - A unit or component of the software application
    a. diff tabs on a website

StackOverflow top website for getting questions answered

www.w3schools.com is good as well

Feature/Functionality - Software behavior , what can users DO with the Application?
                      - What ACTIONS can a user perform on the app?

Full stack SDETs test each function of a software

Ex- Functionalities of YouTube
    1. Search
    2. Play Video
    3. Stop Video
    4. Login
    5. Logout
    6. Upload video, Etc

Non Functions - HOW the software should behave/performance of the app - Tested by non-functional/performance testers

Response Time
Accessibility
Installation
Performance - Speed at which it operates
Capacity - how much data can it handle
Stress Level - Multiple users simultaneously

IT Departments

Development -> I am here. Developers and QA/SDETs
Performance -> Performance Testers/Engineers/Etc
Architecture -> Cloud part database, and connection to UI based on functions, DB, Etc
Security -> CyberSecurity staff
Operations -> DevOps team,
Designers -> Design applications

Business Dept/Roles
PO - Product Owner
PM - Project Manager
BA - Business Analyst

MY ROLE - Full Stack SDET performing Front End and Back End Testing on the Development Team of the IT Department
    - Devs and SDETs will work together in this team
    - 2 devs to 1 SDET ratio typically give or take 1 SDET as numbers increase, big team is 9 devs, 6 SDETs etc
    - MY ROLE - test functionalities or features of the applications
    - Functional Testing 1 UI testing 2 API Testing and 3 DB testing