Regression Testing - Test all test cases from beginning. Done at the end of each release cycle after the specified
                     number of sprints.

                     can be major (only pefformed before each release) or minor (performed once a week to make
                     sure everything's on track. performed every day, once a week, or end of each sprint.

                     interviews and practice project focus on major regression testing. most common.

                     What affects regression testing run times?
                        1. UI, DB, or API? what type of test case
                        2. Using a virtual machine? (VM) How many virtual machines are you using?
                            (Using VMs to run mutliple test cases in parallel fashion)
                            Also used to run in different OS's and browsers.
                        3. Number of test cases

                     INTERVIEW QUESTION: How did you run your regression testing at your last role?
                        "We run regression testing to make sure every new functionality work with the older ones,
                        and we run it before every release, about every 3 months or so. There are around 700-300 TC's.
                        The automated test cases are run with 3 VMs in parallel and takes about 1 hour, and non
                        automated TC's are run by all testers and takes about a week of time." Good to use fewer details,
                        unless you want to explain "why"

                     Build your own style for using multiple VMs. Business team decides which VMs to use and how many.

                     As test cases grow, and there's too many, the team will have to select certain test cases to test
                     during the regression testing period. Like Major functions, recent code changes, functions visible
                     to the users, or functions prioritized by the business team, or test cases that require more data.

                     Prioritize and execute as many as you can during the sprint. If you can't do them all, it's fine.

                     Leave out details when able during the interview. usually 300-300 TCs ran in 1-5 hours.

                     V numbers 2-10 VMs with parallel testing

                     Jenkins is a tool that can automate testing from github. Builds get deployed to QA environment.



Smoke Testing - 1. Run every morning (make sure any new code doesn't mess up QA environment.
                2. Select a certain number of test cases, ideally between 30-90 TCs
                3. Run time should be quick, around 5-30 mins.

                you don't do smoke testing right away. You have to have some code and files set up in the project
                first.

                Do a meeting and select certain number of test cases. DevOps team schedules smoke testing on Jenkins.
                Smoek testing is tyically done before you start work for the day. You get a report at the beginning
                of the day. A cucumber report: num passed, num failed, result of test, etc. Jenkins is 100%
                automated.

                check that the application is stable and ensure the major functionalities are running.

                every 3-4 months new test cases are selected

                INTERVIEW QUESTION - How did you perform Smoke Testing? "We peformed smoke testing every morning
                around 7 am through jenkins, we did about 20-90 test cases and it takes about 5-25 mins. Jenkins
                sends me a smoke test report every morning" (give exact numbers when answering)

                REVIEW SLIDES FOR EXAMPLES OF REAL LIFE CYDEO STUDENTS


Other Testing - Cross Browser testing - daily and happening during automation as well.
                Compatibility testing - non functional testing to see if application can work in diff networks
                Ad hoc/Random testing - random manual testing to find bugs. exploring the project, etc. find hidden
                                        bugs, learn systems, etc.
                508 Compliance Testing - needed for any federal website. testing to ensure functionality for
                                         disabled users of government websites.

                When should we stop testing?
                    - All test cases are complete
                    - business team says so
                    - deadline has been reached
                    - No more bugs can be detected
                    - No more testing budget

                terminology
                    - Parking lot item - We are going to discuss it later. park it and follow up later
                    - rat hole topic - topic that has been unproductively discussed for too long and the team
                                       should move forward

                What kinds of challenges have you had at work?
                    - Lack of knowledge of project (2 hours (KT) knowledge transfer)
                    - Changing requirements of project
                    - not enough information on US's
                    - Estimating points for complex user stories
                    - waiting on development to be completed

                    dont say challenges from coding or automation perspective


Day to Day Activities - Shift starts at 8 AM
                        Check smoke test report from Jenkins
                        Jira board to prep for daily standup meeting
                        Daily Standup meeting

                        Remainder of Day

                        Early Sprint - Grooming/Refinement meeting, Sprint planning meetings, test case creation
                        Mid Sprint - Test execution, code review, bug report creation, re-testing
                        Late Sprint - Demo Review, retro meeting, brown bag meeting, Happy hour

Intro to Jira - Jira vs Jira Xray

                Jira - Only story and bug
                Jira Xray - Story, Bug, Test, Test set, test execution, task, pre-condition